21 grams of spice or something

A chicken fitting for the apocalypse.

A harmony of hot and spicy

A hot n spicy deal.

A little spice goes a long way. A lot of spice goes out of the world.

A meal worthy of your prayers.

A spicy twist of hot spicy flavor is a welcome variation on the familiar bland chicken flavor.

Add flavor to flames.

Ah, the things you can do with chicken.

All flames, no brakes.

An offshoot of chicken.

And we'll never stop trying to make it spicier.

Apocalyptic.

Approved by the FDA.

As if it weren't obvious enough, this chicken is hot and spicy.

Better than eating jalapenos by the handful.

Boy Scouts build fires. We put them to good use.

Buongiorno, it's a spicy chicken!

Burn, gravy, burn.

Can also be used as a lighter (but we won't tell your Mom)

CAUTION: this hot and spicy chicken is hot and spicy.

Chicken cooked on the sun.

Chicken makes the world go round.

Chicken of the gods.

Chicken so hot it's caliente

Chicken so hot you could cook a burger on it

Chicken that chickens can't handle.

Chicken that really packs a punch

Chicken to make you question everything you thought you knew about chicken.

Chickener than chicken.

Cluck cluck, here comes the firetruck

Coal miners be like "woah that chicken really do be hot though"

Copernicus never saw this coming

Could it be spicier? Yes. Should it be spicier? No. NEXT QUESTION

"Damn. I was sure that was chicken."

Did this hot and spicy chicken destroy the dinosaurs? There's no evidence that it didn't.

Don't feed it to plants

Don't feed to plants or animals

Don't forget: it's hot, it's spicy, it's chicken.

Don't spill it on your favorite shirt. Or do. Then you'd have a hot and spicy shirt.

Don't stop the spice.

Don't use our chicken as a weapon of mass destruction

Everything is flammable if you try hard enough

excelente pollo picante, saludos Colonel Sanders, desde Bolivia.

Excuse me, chicken, you're on fire.

Explore another dimension of hot spiciness.

Extrahot. Extraspicy. Extraordinary.

Feed a man some hot and spicy chicken, keep him warm for a meal. Teach a man to be a hot and spicy chicken, keep him warm for life.

Fight fire with chicken

Finger ripening. Engine smoking.

Fire extinguisher not included.

Firefighters practice with our chicken.

Flavor that can't be extinguished.

Forget fireworks, this year we're buying KFC's hot and spicy chicken!

Freezing in a blizzard? Fire up the KFC hot and spicy chicken.

Freezing in an arctic wasteland? Increase your body's internal temperature with this one trick!

Fricken. Hot. Chicken.

FRICKIN' FIERY CHICKEN

Give the sun imposter syndrome

Global warming isn't cool. Hot and Spicy chicken from KFC is.

God is a chicken lover, and he likes it hot and spicy.

God made chicken. We didn't build a temple of fire, but we did build a hot and spicy chicken temple.

God made chicken. We made it hot and spicy.

Good news, the chicken is still awesome.

Heat it up

Hell's Kitchen could never.

Hello, hot. Hello, spicy. Hello, chicken.

Hold my napalm, I'm eating KFC's Hot and Spicy Chicken!

Hot and spicy chicken burns like a thousand calories

Hot and spicy chicken marinated in God knows what

Hot and spicy unstoppable.

Hot but not too hot. Like that tasteful outfit you're wearing.

Hot chicken for hot days, and hot nights, and hot weeks, and hot years, and hot everything.

Hot chicken just got hotter

Hot chicken makes normal chicken seem cold.

Hot chicken that's spicy, too

Hot chicken warms the soul. The mouth. The Amazon.

Hot chicken, hot spicy, spicy spicy, hot.

Hot chicken. Sells like hotcakes.

Hot chicken. Spicy hot chicken.

Hot cluck

Hot is on our minds.

Hot n spicy chicken from the hottest place on earth.

Hot n spicy or spicy n hot?

Hot potatoes cower at the power of the chicken.

Hot spicy chicken is a weapon of mass deliciousness

Hot Stuff! Spicy Stuff! Chicken Stuff!

Hotter than 40 dammits.

Hotter than a fire hydrant chasing a dog.

Hotter than a four-alarm fire

Hotter than a hot hot dog.

Hotter than hot.

I can't believe it's not a fireball!

I match your hot and up the spicy.

I think we just found the cure for Parkinson's.

If it were any hotter, they'd ship it off to Roswell

If it's not hot and it's not spicy, then it's not hot and spicy.

If this chicken doesn't have enough heat then I don't know what will.

If you can afford a phone you can afford some hot n spicy chicken

In the beginning there was... the flame.

Incendiary? Why yes, it is, thank you.

Is it hot in here or is it just your KFC spicy chicken?

It's a chicken. All hot and juicy.

It's for real.

It's hot chicken, just like you say it is.

It's hot every season of the year.

It's hot in the summer and every other season, too!

It's just chicken and hot and spicy

It's like biting into a hot and spicy chicken nugget, except better.

It's meat. The good kind. Eat it.

It's not baked.

It's spicy as hell

It's witchcraft. Just taste it.

Jet fuel's delicious replacement.

Just kidding. There's no such thing as bad hot and spicy chicken.

Keep it burning for us.

KFC's hot and spicy chicken from hell. There's nothing like it.

Leave your winter coat in the closet. Bring KFC's hot and spicy chicken instead.

Lunch: Hot and Spicy Chicken or the fire that destroyed half of Yellowstone?

Made with science

Melt your fork. Don't eat it with a fork. Freak.

Minimal effort. Maximum spice.

Much better than a hot and spicy manatee.

My dad just showed me how to start a fire using nothing but chicken.

My favorite precious metal is chicken. Hot and spicy chicken from KFC!

My otherworldly hot and spicy chicken.

No fire? No problem.

No hidden fees. Just completely un-hidden spicy hotness.

No one is safe from our hot and spicy chicken!

Nonsensically spicy

Not all that is hot is also spicy

Now that's a spicy chicken!

Now that's what I call hot n spicy

Oui Oui Oui it's spicy.

Out of the fire pan and into the fryer.

Prometheus' chicken sandwich of choice.

Pyromaniacs love our chicken

Real chicken, really hot and spicy.

Reduce your heating bill this winter. Buy KFC's hot and spicy chicken.

Sauna Chicken

Scoville called, he wants his chicken back.

Sear-iously spicy

Set Flavortown on fire

Smoking hot spicy hot super hot chicken!

So hot you could boil an egg on this chicken! Ahhhhhh!

So spicy, it's spicy!

Some flames never go out.

Some things aren't meant to be hot and spicy. This is not one of those things.

Spice of the gods

Spice of the gods. Now on chicken.

Spice that will blast you to outer space.

Spicier than spicy.

Spicy chicken hot

Spicy chicken makes the world... well, spicier.

"Spicy, spicy, hot spicy chicken!"

Steal our recipe. Good luck.

Suddenly everything you thought you knew about chicken is irrelevant.

Take heat to the next level.

Taste the dragon.

Thanks, Prometheus

The answer to life, the universe, and everything.

The bun of fire

The chicken is hot but it's also hot

The chicken of your dreams, on fire.

The chicken sandwich wars just got hotter.

The chicken that keeps Smokey up at night

The dark void retracts and the hot and spicy chicken emerges victorious

The fastest phone charger on the market.

The heat is on.

The hotness never sleeps.

The hotness won't stop.

The hottest thing I will ever eat.

The hottest thing I've ever tasted.

The killer of bland chicken

The number after 11? It's spicy.

The one chicken spice you can afford.

The perfect amount of hot is hard to find. Just ask your mother.

The perfect amount of spicy is hard to find. But don't worry. We found it

The real reason why you can't park in front of fire hydrants

The ring of fire is peculiarly breast-shaped.

The theory of relativity posits that this chicken is relatively hot and spicy

The truth is out there. Taste it.

The weather outside is frightful, but the fiery hot and spicy chicken from KFC is delightful

There is no spice too spicy for a hot and spicy chicken

There is no substitute for hot and spicy chicken.

There's no excuse for bad chicken.

There's no spicy like the hot chicken!

There's not been a spicier chicken, m'liege.

This chicken has some real power.

This chicken is both hot and spicy, respectfully.

This time, the flavor really is explosive

This time, the heat is really, really hot.

This will definitely be a thing of beauty.

Thunder! Lightning! Hot and Spicy Chicken!

Time to start measuring your chicken in Scoville Units

Turn up the heat.

Unstoppable spice.

WARNING: hot and chicken spicy may be spicy and hot chicken.

We cannot overstate how hot and spicy this chicken is

Well, we perfected chicken, apparently.

What is holy isn't it hot?

What Lewis and Clark ate to survive those Rocky Mountain winters, probably

What's sizzling?

When hot gets spicy

When spicy gets hot

When the rain falls, it shall not extinguish the flame of hot and spicy chicken.

Where man's influence ends, hot and spicy chicken's reign begins

Where there's spice, you'll find KFC

Where there's spice? KFC.

Why did the chicken cross the road? Because on the other side of the road there was a hotter, spicier chicken.

Why fire was invented.

With a name like Hot N Spicy Chicken, there's no way it's not hot and spicy.

Yes, doctor, it's true. The chicken is both hot and spicy.

Yes, we played God. The result? A delicious hot and spicy chicken sandwich.

You ain't seen nothin' yet

You can't have just chicken.

You cannot beat that.

You've probably never tasted this before.

Your move, George Foreman.
