"Break The Speed Limit But Only By 5 MPH" Chicken

"I Listen To Vaporwave But I Like Deep Trap Too" Chicken

"I think it's great chicken" - Rabbi Joe, the spiciest man in the synagogue

"I'm a man of my word, and if it's spicy, it's hot" - The Colonel

"Ride Your Bicycle On The Sidewalk" Chicken

"Wear Jeans To Your Dad's Wedding" Chicken

18+ chicken.

A hot and spicy Al Gore would approve.

About to be unleashed.

Adult chicken.

All that matters in life is family and hot n spicy chicken

Almost nothing like playing the clarinet

An original thought. An original taste. Originality.

Anarchy chicken.

And now a seriously spicy show, brought to you by some seriously spicy chicken.

And they say hot and hot and hot aren't related.

And we won't stop

Another day, another hot and spicy chicken

Apocalyptic aphrodisiac chicken.

Are you our target market?

Are you sensing a pattern here? Because we sure are.

"Awww that's cute you're wearing a Mickey Mouse t-shirt though it's probably more fitting for a football tailgating party"

Awww that's cute, you're still eating regular chicken?

Be the spice that the chicken craves

Belgians hate it.

Blablabla, spicy chicken hot.

Bland chicken is for bland blokes

Burn down the status quo

Call us old-fashioned. We dare you.

Carpe damn

Check in on friends and family to make sure everyone has tried KFC's hot and spicy chicken.

Check in on your friends. Some of them haven't tried KFC's new spicy hot hot n spice chicken.

Chicken for the club, chicken for the car.

Chicken goes punk!

Chicken keeps it real.

Chicken that wears chains.

Chicken that will send you straight to the witness protection program.

Chicken that's just begging to be censored

Chicken with a mohawk! A spicy mohawk!

Chicken with true sex appeal.

Come on chicken light my fire

Daddy's chicken.

Damn is a word we use to describe hot and spicy chicken. Damn good, that is.

Dance on your own chicken

Darling, don't forget to bring the Colonel's hottest and spiciest

Dedicated to the preservation of American culture through chicken.

Dethrone the phonies

Ding dong! It's the chicken that wokkas!

Dinner should be entertaining. This chicken was designed to be spicy.

Discover the chicken within.

Don't be a purist. Try some spicy chicken!

Don't go back to normal.

Don't go home empty-handed. Go spicy handed.

Don't look now, but this could be your big break.

Don't look now, but this PTA meeting is about to get hot and spicy.

Don't want it? I don't care.

Don't want the good stuff? Ok.

Eat it in the line at the DMV to flex on the government

Either way, it's chicken.

Ever made out with a chicken?

Ever worn jeans? Then you'll love this hot and spicy chicken!

For those who light their firecrackers on both ends.

Formal attire required. Jk. It's just chicken.

Freak the freak out.

General! Bring out your hottest chicken!

Get down with the spice

Get freaky.

Get in, we're eating hot and spicy chicken

Give us 12 good reasons why you shouldn't eat hot and spicy chicken and we'll give you 12 free hot n spicy chicken meals

Go to hell? Don't mind if I do.

Go wild with it.

God made men and women, but I made chicken. Twice.

Growl if you love chicken.

Growl if you love hot and spicy chicken

Ha ha ha means a joke, ho ho ho means santa, hot hot hot means chicken

Have a hot and spicy good time.

Have you ever wanted to watch an old film?

Hey lady, if your chicken isn't hot and spicy then we don't wanna see it!

Hey, it's the spicy hot chicken man here to sell you hot hot chicken spicy.

Hey, it's your friendly neighborhood chicken man here to sell you hot and spicy chicken.

Hi we are selling chicken of the hot and spicy variety

High school reunions just got hotter. But not in a weird way.

Hot and spicy chicken broke up my family

Hot and spicy chicken doesn't conform to the taste preferences of the masses!

Hot and spicy chicken doesn't have a barcode. Just a code of ethics.

Hot and spicy chicken for any occasion.

Hot and spicy chicken for hot and spicy nights.

Hot and spicy chicken for the people who tweet with two different hashtags.

Hot and Spicy Chicken. End of discussion.

Hot and spicy chicken. Repeat after me. Hot and spicy chicken.

Hot and Spicy from AM to PM

Hot and spicy in every language: go.

Hot and spicy is a dance move.

Hot and spicy is a phrase that means something entirely different to everyone.

Hot n spicy chicken with a side of church.

Hot n Spicy Chicken. The n means And.

HOT N SPICY IN ALL CAPS CHICKEN

How can one sandwich be so hot yet so cool?

How many exclamation points until you realize you're eating hot and spicy chicken?

How many times can we say hot and spicy in 30 seconds?

I am so tired of writing about hot and spicy chicken.

I ate KFC's hot and spicy chicken and all I got was this advertisement

I can't believe it's not watermelons.

I kissed the chicken

I wish I was 20. But I'm not.

I won't stop you from doing it.

I'll sell you the chicken but you have to take the hot and spicy with you.

I'm a man of my word. And my word is that chicken hot and spicy!

I'm just a chicken!

I've never eaten a hot n spicy KFC chicken that I didn't eat!

If chicken could talk, this one would have a guitar for a mouth and a guitar for a body and a guitar for each wing. Basically it would be like 8 guitars.

If chicken could talk, this one would scream

If chicken could talk, this one would shout obscenities at pleasant gardeners

If everyone had it, well, the world would be a better place.

If fried chicken could talk, this one would shout obscenities at sunsets

If it's not spicy, you're not trying.

If robot weddings were legal, this moment would be worth $200,000.

If we ever sell out of this delicious hot and spicy chicken, get in touch so we can order more

If you are a human you may be entitled to hot and spicy chicken.

If you could taste this picture, it would be enough to make us question your sanity.

If you don't have any friends, try this.

If you don't have someone special this Valentine's Day, curl up with some hot and spicy chicken.

If you don't have someone special this Valentine's Day, curl up with some KFC Hot and Spicy Chicken.

If you have an internet connection, you have hot chicken

If you want bland chicken then go to The Cheesecake Factory

If you're trying to be original, don't get original.

Incompetent in his job, yet he keeps trying

Is that a gun in your trunk? Then that means you're in the mood to taste KFC's hot and spicy chicken!

It's fun to be dangerous

It's like you can't stop us.

It's not a crime to be hot and spicy.

It's not funny, it's spicy

It's not how you eat, but what you eat that counts.

It's time for some hot and spicy chicken!

James Brown never ate this chicken because it's new.

Just for fun...

Keep scrolling if you hate things with flavor.

KFC Hot and Spicy Chicken for freaks.

KFC Hot and Spicy Chicken turned Colonel Sanders into Popcorn Sanders. Wait, it's kernel? Really? Well, forget I said anything.

KFC Hot n Spicy Chicken is always hot and spicy. Rarely thirteen.

KFHNSC (Kentucky Fried Hot N Spicy Chicken)

Kick logic to the curb.

Learn the language of hot and spicy chicken.

Leave the gun, take the chicken.

Let this chicken love you.

Let us say grace.

Let's be frank, some days just don't call for spicy chicken.

Let's get a little spicy

Let's have some fun

Let's put this in perspective. That chicken does not fuck around.

Libido Sandwich

Life is short. Eat hot and spicy chicken.

Look, it was either sell some new kind of chicken or start fracking. What were we supposed to do?

Look, we didn't even try.

Look, we didn't trademark any of this. We just make it.

Losers don't eat chicken.

Madder than mad.

Make a hot and spicy memory.

Minimalism is dead.

My boss said heatstroke jokes aren't funny. So I gave my boss some KFC Hot and Spicy Chicken.

My dad loves hot and spicy chicken. More than he loves me.

My ex-wife HATES hot n spicy chicken!

Never forget where you first tasted KFC hot n spicy chicken

No chill chickens.

No clucks given.

No clucks given. Just good chicken.

No goldfish were harmed in the making of this chicken.

Nobody cares what you eat but you.

Not everything should be hot and spicy.

Now serving the spiciest chicken this hot of the border. Wait what?

NSFW Chicken

Oh chicken, my chicken, where art thou hot spices?

Our intentions were good. Our chicken is better.

Our target market knows what we mean when we say KALKSJA

People think we're insane, we agree.

Pocket full of chicken? Make it hot and spicy.

Pool party chicken.

Punk rock chicken!

Put a fire in your belly

Rap stars also eat this chicken, probably

Rave on.

Reward yourself for sparing the lives of your loved ones.

RSVP to the spicy chicken event of the century

Sex sells, but we don't use it to sell our hot n spicy chicken.

Share this chicken with your LinkedIn connections and watch them spurn you.

Share this chicken with your LinkedIn connections to boost your career.

Share this chicken with your social network and watch them drool.

Shawty eating hot and spicy chicken on the dance floor

Shoot first and ask questions later.

Shut the front door. This chicken is for your eyes only.

Shut up and spice up.

Siri, play "Hot n Spicy Chicken Theme" by The Colonel

Sixty more of these? Seriously spicy!

Some people just don't get it.

Somebody call 911! Spicy chicken burning on the dance floor.

Somehow we still have a job

Spice for every occasion.

Spice it up.

Spice it up. Yeehaw.

Spice o'clock.

Spice that doesn't play nice.

Spice that never plays nice.

Spice up.

Spice up your bachelor party with hot and spicy chicken.

Spice up your everything.

Spice up your life in the worst way possible.

Spice up your next adventure with KFC's hot and spicy chicken.

Spice up your next gathering with the men of KFC's hot and spicy chicken.

Spice up your Sabbath with hot and spicy chicken.

Spice up your yoga class with hot and spicy chicken.

Spicy Chicken The Hot Chicken DJ

Spicy chicken. Made with The Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Spicy is a way of life.

Spicy time

Steal our recipe and bring the spice to all corners of the earth. You won't do it. Lazy sack of trash.

Step aside, Iron Maiden. KFC's Hot and Spicy Chicken is in town.

Stop using the word "epic" to describe our hot and spicy chicken

Strictly non-sexual hot and spicy chicken.

Take one look in the mirror at your pale, waxy complexion, and it's hard not to agree

Take this hot and spicy chicken to band camp and see what happens

Tall, Dark & Dangerous.

Thank you very much everybody we also think it's great chicken that is both hot and spicy

That's one helluva metaphor.

The chicken who knows what he tastes like.

The happiest man on earth is also my husband. My husband. Who is also me.

The Hot and Spicy Emperor demands his chicken.

The hottest spell caster is a chicken-loving man with a hot and spicy voice.

The hottest time of the day is chicken time.

The Monarchy wouldn't approve.

The office lounge just got hotter. But not in a weird way.

The only good atheist is a hot and spicy chicken.

The only man on Earth who knows all about chicken

The opposite of playing the accordion.

The real Colonel Sanders never would have allowed us to make such a hot, spicy chicken.

The Renaissance, but make it spicy.

The S in Sandwich stands for Spicy

The sandwich behind the eternal yeehaw

The sexiest chicken.

The sexual connotations of this sandwich have not been overlooked.

The shareholders were nervous about this one, so please just buy it.

There are no limits.

There is no god but chicken.

There is no Sabbath. Just chicken.

There's chicken. Then there's hot n spicy chicken. Then there are probably other chickens, too, but we don't care about those.

There's no cooler way to eat hot and spicy chicken.

There's no I in HOT N SPCY CHKN

There's no time to lose

There's nothing sexual about this hot and spicy chicken.

They don't eat this kind of chicken in France.

They like it in Brooklyn, too.

They put humans on this earth to eat hot n spicy chicken.

They're not Russian agents, they're just eating hot n spicy chicken.

This chicken was born and raised in the mean state of Georgia.

This chicken was marinated in the front row of a Megadeath concert

This chicken was marinated in the front row of a Megadeth concert

This is how you advertise in 1982.

This is not the spice you're looking for.

This is punk chicken! Spicy punk chicken!

This is the future of eating with mouths.

This is why we do this shit.

This shit's for you.

Thomas the Train hates hot and spicy chicken.

Too young to drive? Good news, you can still taste hot and spicy chicken

Trilingual chicken. Speaks spicy, hot, and chicken.

Turn up the chicken, dear

Umbrellas? Nah, we're selling hot and spicy chicken.

We aren't exaggerating

We can't be trusted.

We couldn't make this stuff up

We don't play nice.

We expect our chicken to be featured in the NYT Crossword in no time.

We gave our chickens flamethrowers and set them loose.

We had no idea this wedding would be so well-received by human beings.

We just can't keep up.

We like to keep things interesting

We love a good conspiracy theorist.

We need the future. We got chicken.

We outsourced this ad to people who have never tasted KFC Hot and Spicy Chicken. Because everyone who has is still in

We say hot, you say spicy! hot! spicy! hot! spicy!

We tried to make our hot and spicy chicken 18+ but they said what? it's chicken

We'll be completely transparent: this chicken is hot and spicy

Well actually, the answer is sort of simple. It's actually really quite simple actually, but, you know, you kind of have to imagine it.

What did you expect, a porno? Well then, you're in luck.

What happens when you combine two things that normally don't mix? Well, you get what I'm sure you're all thinking right now, "Shawty eating hot and spicy chicken!"

What? Spicy chicken is at the door.

Whatever it is, make it spicy.

Where there's chicken, there's chicken.

WHERE'D YOU GET THAT CHICKEN?

Who needs a master's degree when you have hot and spicy chicken?

Who needs God when you've got KFC?

You can count on us to make chicken. Occasionally, we'll even make it hot and spicy.

You can't eat chicken with eyes!

You can't play 'The Cat in The Hat' with no clothes on.

You can't spell chicken without chiiiiiiiiiii

"You Can't Spell Chicken, But You Can Spell Hot And Spicy Chicken!"

You can't spell hot without an H.

You can't stop this.

You didn't think he would stop with the bibles and the holy water, did you?

You just need a little fire in your belly.

You think you're Hot? Nope. You're Not Hot at all.

You're in your late seventies now, old man.

Zeus didn't give us permission but honestly we don't care
