"You don't have enough fingers to count all these flavors. Better pull out those toes" - Quentin Tarantino

"You should buy a racehorse!" is never sound financial advice. Well. Truly isn't Charles Schwab. So we're buying a damn racehorse.

*The Secret To Eternal Youth*

*wakes up* *stares blankly at the floor* *tries not to laugh* Fuck it. *stands up* I'M... *claps hands together* *smiles* "Happy"

24 hours in a day. 27 flavors of Truly. You do the math.

27 different ways to say I love me.

27 flavors available for freelance.

27 flavors of summer.

27 flavors of Truly on the wall, 27 flavors of Truly...

27 flavors. 7 days in a week. Do you accept?

27 flavors. That's one for every day of the month (excluding Mondays).

27 is also known as two baker's dozens plus one.

27 is the new 30.

27 right choices.

27 roads diverged in a wood. And I, I tasted them all.

27/7

A bold statement to go with all of your stupid mistakes.

A can for all tastes.

A can-shaped key.

A celebration of life.

A day without a Truly is a mistake.

A day without a Truly is a mistake, but then again, so is every other day.

A flavor for every feeling

A head for business and a body for sin.

"A life half-wasted is a life well-lived"

A little bit of everything.

A little buzzed? No worries.

A little of this, a little of that.

A little something for everyone. But especially for you.

A love letter to all that is wild.

A man's best friend.

A new frontier is just a sip away.

A new taste every time.

A tasty companion to Simply Just Existing.

A Truly for today. A Truly for tomorrow.

A Truly is a great way to show the world that you are doing something right.

Add a splash of color to your life.

All about you.

All of the above. Some of the time.

All that's stopping you is your false preconceptions.

All you can drink seltzer-buffet.

Always invest your money. At the racetrack.

An invitation to drink. (and to be)

An invitation to yourself.

An ode to the ever-changing self.

And > or. The original hard seltzer.

Are you a seltzer drinker who likes to party, or are you a partier who likes to drink seltzer?

Are you even real?

Are you man enough to drink something different than the rest of the boys?

Ask and ye shall receive and receive and receive and receive.

Available in a variety of natural fruit flavors.

Be a person of interest.

Be fruitful

Be the buzz.

Be true to yourselves.

Be Truly to yourself.

Be your own best company.

Be your self self.

Be yourself for yourself.

Because you're a real piece of work

Best of all? We all share in the payouts. If our horse wins a $2 million prize, we all share a $2 million prize.

Better flip a 27-sided coin.

Bold and brash.

Boring is a word invented by somebody who invents words.

Brain food for the reluctant brain.

But, ya know... everyone's a little bit Truly.

By the time you get to the 27th, you won't remember the 1st.

C'est la seltzer.

Can't stop time. Can make the most of it.

Carpe damn.

Cease to deny yourself.

Chilling out is easy with hard seltzer.

Cogitate less. Drink more.

Congrats, now you have one less choice to make.

Count your blessings. (Hint: there are at least 27)

Crazy about buzz?

Crazy is as Truly does.

Cult of the buzz.

Cult of the taste.

Cultivate your senses, sensei.

Curiosity stimulated.

Curiosity stimulated: never taste the same drink twice.

Curious about buzz?

D) All of the above

David fosters abandoned kittens, taught English in Botswana, and has a tattoo on his upper thigh... of Mother Teresa.

Daydream on.

Deep thinkly.

Deny yourself not, seeker of Truly.

Different drinks to tease your tongue.

Discover how to discover.

Discover the cause of your rebellion, no matter how small it may or may not be.

Discover your dream team.

Discovery can happen anywhere.

Do you mind if you join you?

Do your personality a favor.

Doesn't matter where you are or what you're doing. Seltzer is sacred.

Don't forget to express yourself.

Don't keep yourself to yourself

Don't you think you've tried everything?

Dream a little dream.

Drink a thirty-pack without blinking.

Drink for the taste, not the act.

Drink more, because that's the best response to a bad time.

Drink what you truly want.

Drinking can be a beautiful thing.

Drinking is an art, not a mistake.

"Drinking isn't your problem. Your problem is what you're drinking."

Drinking water is important. But is it fun?

Each new flavor is like a new friend at the table.

Edna's a retired librarian.

Edna's on her fifth hip.

Eeny meeny miny mo, choose a Truly can to-go...

Enjoy yourself.

Even scumbags like it.

Eventually you'll find out.

Ever owned a jacket with 27 pockets?

Every day is glory day.

Every day needs a little moment of greatness.

Every day, more than ever, better late than never.

Every hero needs a sidecan.

Every journey begins with a single sip

Every time you stop to think about it, you can't stop, can you?

Evolve.

Explain this one, Freud

Explore to play.

Fall off your chair with grace and style.

Familiarize yourself.

Fashion models also drink Truly.

Finally, something everyone can agree on.

Finally, something your mom and your girlfriend can agree on.

Find a Truly, pick it up. All day long you'll radiate an ineffable energy and zeal for life not easily replicated.

Find out for yourself.

Find your magic.

Flavors, assemble.

Focus on you. Ignore the calls you're getting from your mom.

For a much-needed pick-me-up.

For a truly unforgettable experience we offer an alternative.

For all of you

For all those who say you can't, you can.

For buzz fans.

For everyone who's got the heart and the courage to go the distance.

For the bold and the thirsty, there can be only one.

For those who sip.

Forget about your morning coffee.

Forget watery hard seltzer, or cheap whisky — life's too short to appear cool by chugging garbage water.

Free the seltzer.

Free your fun side.

From classic to new innovations, we've got you covered.

Frugal is the new fancy.

Get in touch with your Truly side.

Get real

Get Truly.

Give your life a taste.

Give yourself an existential crisis, of the delicious variety.

Go ahead. Spin the wheel of flavor.

Good for relaxing. Good for not relaxing.

Good luck choosing just one.

Good luck stopping us.

Good luck stopping yourself.

Gotta chug 'em all

Great news: if you have a penchant for mischief.

Guess who?

Hard seltzer, to ease the pain caused by your high-stress job.

Hard seltzer. Harder relaxation.

Have it both of the 27 ways.

He'll offer advice to drinkers about adulthood with all the charm and wisdom of a leased motorcycle.

Help who you are.

Her ex-boyfriend didn't get it.

Her favorite things are those little ceramic angels she coordinates on her mantel, and warm cocoa.

Here's to gut feelings and those who still follow them.

Here's to the party of life.

Here's to you, and the you you're about to discover.

How are you supposed to get through life without your favorite drink?

How can you not enjoy yourself?

How did we get here?

How far will we go? Farther.

How to drink your damn way out of a rut.

How to drink:

How to make things happen.

How Truly are you?

How's that for a catchphrase?

Hybrids are in.

I could drink this all day. But I won't.

I drink therefore I am.

"I like to think I'm a pretty average guy with a pretty unusual hobby."

I love to sit down and drink. This is why I'm a rocket scientist. Drinking is my secret to success.

I want me to meet the real me.

I will stop making bad jokes when you stop calling me.

I've lived and I've learned. Kinda. So take it from me...

If it's not Truly, it's not for you.

If only every other day was this cool.

If only every other day was this light.

If only there were a little more time.

If only there were a way to make everything this fun.

If people said that our job was 'too easy' they wouldn't be wrong.

If they don't like it, they're just not ready.

If variety is the spice of life, then this is one spicy meatball.

If you can count to 27, you're not drunk enough.

If you can't beat 'em, join 'em

If you can't hang with the fun, then you can't hang with me.

If you can't hang with the fun, you might as well be a plant.

If you can't hang with the seltzer, then you can't hang with me.

If you don't wanna be our spokesperson, don't buy Truly.

If you have a minute, we have a proposition.

If you want to be the big man on campus, you have to show up with a case.

If you want to win at life, you need to think like a winner.

If you're drinking it, you're drinking it right.

If you're not drinking, you're not trying.

If you're not enjoying yourself at least once a day, you're doing it wrong.

If you're reading this, why are you reading this? Go have a drink.

If your life is a masterpiece, here is your palette.

In all you do, be Truly.

In the heat of the moment, chill.

In the land of buzz, there is no shortage of buzzes. It doesn't matter if you're 20 or 80.

In the words of that great man, Dr. Jerry Seinfeld, "All you can drink, no thought involved."

Intimately Truly.

Introduce yourself to yourself.

Introducing the Truly Collection. Quality, quantity, and not a single quack.

Introducing: your rebirth.

Introspeculatainment

Invite yourself.

Is it the catalyst or the consequence?

It is everything.

It won't change your life, just your outlook on it.

It's a taste you just can't put down. Until you see the next flavor.

It's happening.

It's never too late to be you.

It's not a cult. It's just a seltzer.

It's not a hobby; it's just how it is.

It's not a taste, it's a way of life.

It's ok to be a little Truly.

It's ok to sip around...

It's okay to be weird.

It's okay to have it all.

It's safe to assume she drinks Truly.

It's something about you.

It's the Truly smile that counts.

It's your right to choose, so choose right

Journey into yourself.

Just another day in the office.

Just like the college friends who pooled their money to buy Hot Rod Charlie, Truly drinkers are going to pool resources to purchase (and name) a racehorse.... $2 at a time.

Just wild enough to keep things interesting.

Kinda cyberpunk, when you think about it.

Knowing yourself is the beginning of all good times.

Leave boring brown brews behind.

Let it be a dream.

Let's create a divorce registry, so all your friends can give you some swag for your new life. Yes, the Internet will melt down. It's all good.

Let's sponsor everyone who has a birthday on the 27th. Or everyone on their 27th birthday?

Life can be confusing. Have some seltzer.

Life is 27 kinds of good.

Life is better Truly.

Life just got Truly.

Life's short. Get Truly.

Life's sweet, iced out.

Life's too short for rules.

Like a hidden camera prank show subject who realizes they're on camera, they'll be bashful and awkward (just like a real person would be). But our VO will insist everything they do is absolutely legendary.

Live life well.

Live Truly.

Live your sweetest, most vacation-worthy life no matter where you are.

Lose your marbles. Find yourself.

Love and bad decisions. But mostly love.

Lowkey polygamous, tbh

Make every day Truly fulfilling.

Make it Truly.

Make the world your beach.

Makes life simpler.

Makes my dreams come true.

Maybe you were our greatest work all along.

Me, myself, and my Truly.

Meet your match.

Meet your Truly self.

Mix and mix and mix and mix and mix

Monkeys singing, birds oohing, 27 different flavors.

More day dreaming than day drinking, really.

More flavors than there are hours in a day.

More flavors than there are letters in the alphabet

Most brands are content with shooting single t-shirts into the crowd, but we're going to up the ante with an automatic t-shirt gatling gun that can spray the crowd with over 300 t-shirts a minute.

Multiple Truly Disorder.

Multiply and refresh the Earth.

Never. Buy. A crotch rocket…. When you can lease a brand new one every year.

No boundaries.

No one is just one flavor.

No rules, only the ones we make for ourselves.

Normalize buying 27 different flavors of Truly at once.

Not a stinker in the bunch!

Not only is it okay to like it, but you should.

Not to be taken too seriously.

On most days, David wears a sweater vest over a button-down, and prefers the soft stylings of James Taylor.

One can. Limitless ways to experience it.

One day you'll understand.

One drink can change everything.

One last drink before you're too old to drink.

One little trick you can all start using.

One man's can is another man's can, and vice versa.

One more Truly. One less problem.

One thing's for sure. Australian settlers didn't survive man-eating crocs, poisonous snakes, and deadly spiders only to die of thirst.

One way and another.

Our foolproof system for finding your flavor.

Our least worst option is their best.

Our marketing manager works hard to make sure shit like this never gets published.

Our resume is stacked.

Over his lifetime, David has ushered exactly 38 elderly women across intersections.

Perfect for people named Kevin. And everyone else.

Pick a favorite, we dare you.

Pick and choose. x 27.

Pick your fighter.

Play hard.

Play your cans right.

Pop the tab and turn a corner.

Pop the top and unleash the Id, baby

Possession.

Prohibition was a terrible idea.

Put on your favorite pair of jeans and crack open a Truly.

Put your mini fridge to good use.

Quicken your impulse

Rainbows dull in comparison to a fridge full of Truly.

Relax hard.

Relaxing but not too relaxing.

Seekers of the Truly, unite.

Seltzer fans unite!

Seltzer for free spirits.

Seltzer for the drink-it-up crowd.

Seltzer for the free.

Seltzer for the people who want a little something extra.

Seltzer for the seltzer-drinker, and for the party-goer.

seltzer for when work doesn't call.

Seltzer is the drink of champions, and that's what we are: champions.

Seltzer of the month. Every month.

Seltzer that's just as Truly as you are

Send your taste buds on an adventure.

Show your true colors with Truly.

Showing up without Truly doesn't sound like someone you want to be.

Sip your way to self-actualization.

So many flavors... is this... a trap?

So you think you're ready for a little bit of everything?

So you wanna be cool.

So you wanna be the big man on campus.

So you wanna be the next big thing on the block?

Some days, you just need to drink something with class. That's where grapefruit comes in.

Some men follow the rules. Others follow their senses.

Some see a can, others see a catalyst

Some things never change. But you do.

Sometimes the best way to kill your stress is just one sip.

Sometimes, all you need is the right kind of mix to be happy.

Spin the flavor wheel.

Start your own cult of personality.

Stay Truly.

Stop pretending you enjoy the taste of whiskey.

Stuck in a rut? Refresh with Truly.

Sweet relief from your boring lives.

T is for Truly. And Time's indomitable grip on your meaningless existence.

Take it easy. Take seltzer.

Taste it personally

Taste the good life.

Taste yourself.

TASTES LIKE SHOUTING WORDS OF RELAXATION

Team Truly has a roster of 27 and the tenacity of a wild dog in a tug of war.

The 27 tastes that launched a thousand spin-offs.

The best of all 27 parallel universes. But with more booze.

The best version of yourself is holding a Truly.

The best way to discover how life is meant to be.

The best way to enjoy your favorite drinks is on your terms.

The can fits in your hand. The collection may not fit in your fridge.

The collection that spans a thousand taste buds.

The conquest.

The difference between living and living well.

The door to your soul is a taste bud.

The drink for adults who still eat cereal.

The end justifies the means.

The flavor that worked 15 minutes ago isn't always the flavor that works now.

The food pyramid is a government conspiracy, drink Truly.

The fusion of relaxation and rejuvenation.

The glory days are now.

The good life never tasted so good.

The good-natured bender: The man, the myth and the legend.

The great light bulb moment: the moment people stop making their own light bulbs.

The hardest part is choosing.

The hero has arrived.

The lineup of your dreams.

The more you have, the more you can do.

The most delicious excuse to do nothing.

The official seltzer of IDGAF

The one thing that unites us all.

The only other alternative is an eternity of regret.

The only rules are the ones we make for ourselves.

The only thing better than a pot brownie is 2.

The only thing better than one-upping your friends? Two-upping your enemies.

"The only thing that matters in this life is that you try."

The only way to find out.

The only way to live your life.

The only way to really know if you're very brave or very foolish.

The only way to Truly drink your damn way to sleep.

The original, uncensored and unedited Seuss-meets-Sopranos.

The paradox of choice has never been so welcome.

The people person's drink.

The perfect hard seltzer for embracing your imperfections.

The red carpet treatment, available in 27 colors and flavors.

The right blend of flavors will set you free.

The right kind of buzz to make you do a thing you've always wanted to.

The secret is: Enjoy.

The secret to a long life is to do something you love every day.

The seltzer for every taste.

The seltzer for the drink-it-up crowd.

The seltzer for those who drink to the beat of a different drummer.

The sidewalk is your catwalk.

The Truly Collection.

The truth is...

The twenty-seven tastes that started it all.

The ultimate productivity tool for people who like to kick back and do nothing.

The ultimate time waster.

The winner is clear. And comes in 27 different flavors.

There are many ways to enjoy it.

There is no such thing as too much fun.

There's a light that never goes out. And that's the one.

There's a reason everyone else is drinking it.

There's a reason the cool kids are always doing it.

There's just so much life to be had.

There's only one way to be on your best behavior at the office, and that's by making sure to wear your best tuxedo.

They said you couldn't, but you can.

They who seek Truly, seek themselves.

They're probably not thinking what you're thinking.

This campaign will be 60% branding and 60% nonsense with zero fucks given.

This can of Truly won't be interrupted by a commercial.

This is the answer to all your prayers.

This is what happens when you least expect it.

This is where the truth begins.

This is why you drink.

This might make you a better person.

Those who appreciate quality enjoy it responsibly.

Time to diversify your drinking portfolio.

To each their own flavor.

To each their own taste.

Toast to yourself.

Tradition doesn't have to be traditional.

Truly comes in lots of flavors, and fortunately pumpkin spice isn't one of them.

Truly has a rabid fanbase of loyal drinkers. Let's pick one of them to be our spokesperson... whether they like it or not.

Truly is meant to be taken personally.

Truly makes you more human.

Truly or Dare?

Truly will set you free.

Truly, The Greatest Hits.

Truly: Sponsored by Truly.

Trust your lust for life to Truly.

Truth be told, I could never choose just one.

Try doing less.

Two is better than one.

Unforgettable flavors (no matter how much you drink)

Unlock yourself.

Variety of the good variety.

Wake up: you've been drinking too many boring drinks.

We are the lucky ones. And we are here to stay.

We are the party we always wanted to be.

We could all use a little peace and Truly.

We did the extra credit. Like, a lot of extra credit.

We didn't get to where we are without a little fun.

We didn't have to make 27 different flavors. We didn't have to do this.

"We have a lot of things in common. For one, we're both from the future. And, as far as we can tell, most importantly, we like to drink."

We have more hits than DJ Khaled.

We have twenty-seven tastes that will take your breath away.

We just can't stop ourselves.

We just want your approval rating to spike.

We make our own headlines.

We make the flavors. You decide their fate.

We may love everything new, but that doesn't mean we don't appreciate the OG.

We outdid ourselves. 27 times.

We split our fortune 27 different ways.

We were born out of necessity.

We're all a little bit weird, and we like it that way.

We're all a little weird, but we're all a little weird about the same things.

We're all born with a blood alcohol level that's .05% too low.

We're back with more flavors you'll

We're not trying to make you an alcoholic. You're doing that yourself.

WE'RE NOT YELLING WE'RE JUST TRYING TO EXPLAIN HOW BIG A MOOD TRULY PUNCH IS AND THIS IS THE ONLY WAY!

We've all had the experience of a million drinks. Now that's the stuff.

We, the people, demand some more.

Weird is good.

What a Time to be Alive!

What are you made of?

What can we say? We're not a fan of limits.

What can't you handle?

What do you call it when you get more of everything?

What if we ran our ads backwards? In 27 colors? In 27 continents?

What the silver lining has been drinking.

What will you do differently?

What would Bob Marley's response be, if he were still with us?

What you want today. And what you want tomorrow.

What you're here for.

What's the hurry?

What's the rush, exactly?

What's the worst that could happen?

What's your favorite kind of feeling?

What's your five-minute plan?

What's your recipe?

When in doubt, keep sipping.

When life gives you lemons you either end your search for the Holy Grail or your search for something more than just hard seltzer.

When the going gets weird.

When Truly's inside of us, we find out what's really inside of us.

When twenty-seven worlds meet.

When you buy every flavor at the store, don't feel bad. There are 26 others.

When you can drink anything, don't just drink anything.

When you go Truly, you can't go wrong.

When you're done drinking, you're done.

When your drink delivers, so do you.

Where there's Truly, there's everything.

Who do you think you are?

Who in the world are you?

Whoever you are, there's a hard seltzer with your name on it.

Why choose one deliciously tart citrus flavor when you could have them all?

Why you should always go big.

Will we ever stop? Doubtful.

Would you have a drink with you?

Yippi Ki Yay

You already know the answer.

"You can call me the first lady of good times."

You can do no wrong with Truly.

You can either join the seltzerm (or get dunked on)

You can't choose your drinking buddies, but you can choose your drink.

You can't drink the same can twice

You can't go to hell without it.

You could have it your way, or your way, or your way, or your way...

You don't always have to be yourself.

You either have it or you don't.

You have the right to remain spectacular

You just can't help yourself.

You just might.

You know you want to.

You never know until you know.

You only live twice.

You reap what you sip.

You'll get it when you get it.

You'll have to take a few steps back just to take it all in.

You'll never drink the same Truly twice

You're absolutely welcome.

You're gonna have to sew 27 pockets on your pocket.

You're gonna need a bigger cooler

You're not for everyone, and that's ok.

You're the only one who can taste this much right now.

You're worth it.

Your favorite kind of brash.

Your future self will thank you.

Your glass of wine is acting pretentious, can you ask it to leave?

Your grandma thinks she handles her liquor.

Your heart's content.

Your higher self awaits.

Your mother, who would rather you play with Legos than watch you waste your time with hard seltzer.

Your uncle is right, Grandpa: there's nothing quite like a crisp, refreshing can of Truly ahead of a long day of nothing.
