A can for today. A can for tomorrow.

A recipe for saving the world. No more plastic. No more crying through your teeth.

And just like that, you're a conservationist.

As green as a kelp tree. As shelf stable as a can of Liquid Death.

Be a conservationist. Recruit more humans to our cause.

Be Mother Nature's daddy

Break up with plastic

Cans can be recycled or used as teeth sharpeners

Chill out big plastic, we're just trying to help

Choosing to drink water from a plastic bottle is no different than choosing to drink vodka from a plastic bottle.

Congrats, you're a conservationist now.

Consume our propaganda. Crave our product. Save the planet.

Death to big plastic.

Death to plastic.

Do you want to join the cult of the environmentally-responsible punk rockers?

Don't be fooled by big plastic.

Drink for the planet.

Drinking from plastic bottles is like using Windows 98

Drive under the influence of environmentalists

Environmental justice warriors. We demand a decent price.

Environmental Support Can

Every day is Earth Day when you live on the planet Earth.

Finally affordable, environmentally friendly, and tastier than tap water.

Forget bottled water.

Get your green thumb on this, treehuggers.

Harnessing the power of the occult to bring death to plastic everywhere.

How to drink water without melting ice caps or having to worry about the ocean floor.

I'd rather be hunting buffalo heads with a machete and a can of Liquid Death than drinking water from a plastic bottle.

If you think this is scary, you should try playing hopscotch in a landfill.

If you want to save the world you have to get ready for a battle royal at the top of the mountain.

If you're not with mother nature, you're against her.

In a desert of plastic, here's your oasis.

Infinitely recyclable.

It's all in the name of fun. And saving the planet.

It's what the trees wanted.

John Muir's ghost will visit you tonight.

Join the cult of the environmentally-responsible punk rockers.

Kill plastic (but ethically)

Kill plastic before it has time to write a last will and testament.

Kill your thirst, save the planet.

Landfills R 4 Losers

Learn karate to protect yourself. Drink Liquid Death to protect the planet.

Let's kill the apocalypse today, shall we?

Let's save the world together. One sip at a time.

Liquid Death is scary. But not as scary as plastic pollution.

Live Laugh Murder Plastic

Made for people who drink bottled water and hate themselves.

Make a difference.

Make this can a zombie. Recycle.

Make up for your lack of acquired traits and learned skills. Consume sustainably.

Make your canister water safe for the mountain goats.

More recyclable than a Disney plotline

More recyclable than a Disney trope

More sustainable than lasagna

Much like you, this can is made of water and will be turned into a zombie once its time is up.

Much like you, this can is mostly made of water and will be turned into a zombie once its time is up.

Multiply and refresh the Earth.

My moods are strange and my water is eco-friendly

No more bottled water.

Nobody's prayers can save plastic now.

Not only is canned water delicious, but also environmentally friendly.

Obey mother nature.

Obey mother nature. Drink liquid death.

Our evil mission is to make people laugh and get more of them to drink more water more often, all while helping to kill plastic pollution.

Plastic can't be recycled. Our cans can.

Plastic doesn't deserve your respect.

Plastic is poison, but not in a cool way.

Plastic lasts almost as long as water but it never becomes a cloud.

Plastic lasts longer, but we deliver more pleasure.

Plastic pretends to be recyclable like you pretend your coworkers are funny.

Prepare yourself for some gruesome plastic bottle guillotines.

Recycled plastic is a euphemism for garbage.

Save a fish. Drink mountain water from a can.

Save the planet. Our lives are in danger.

Save the planet. Sell your soul.

Save the planet. Sit around and drink all day.

Save the trees.

Save the trees and the water and our souls.

Save the trees. And the embarrassment of carrying around a stupid plastic bottle everywhere.

Save up to 30% of the Amazon

Saving the world? Yes, we're the ones who proposed that.

So what's the deal? The world needs your help!

The most effective way to do this is to have no interest in saving the planet by yourself.

The most ethical way to dispose of plastic is to never lay a finger on it.

The world depends on you.

There's no I in We're Gonna Save The Planet By Drnkng Canned Water

This can is just as recyclable as you are.

Treat mother nature with chivalry and her enemies with impunity.

Trick your brain into thinking this is going to be all fun and games and cool when you die. Or save the planet by drinking water from a can.

Water is very much a statement of what's best for the planet.

Water. There's no world without it.

We came to save the world, you see.

We hate plastic more than we hate ourselves

We took water from the mountain and put it in a mountain-approved can.

We'd burn plastic at the stake if it weren't so terrible for our respiratory health.

We'd kill for a moderately improved ozone layer.

We'd like to save you from the apocalypse, but we're also kinda curious how it's all going to end.

We'd like to save you from the apocalypse, but we're kinda curious how it's all going to end.

We're the environmentally beverage conglomerate.

When you're saving the planet, every little bit counts.

When you've been scorned for your unwavering support of mother nature you stop to think: Why?

You know what I don't drink? Bottled anything.

You will save the planet.

Your wife thinks you're hot, so she's been drinking Liquid Death to save the planet you're living on.
